- [Instructor] So now let's go ahead and do the last step.
You have to add a method to the REST class,
get that scheduled executer service object
that we've already injected.
And submit the task for scheduling of the URL health check.
Let's go ahead on the IDE
and we've already added that REST class.
We just need to go ahead and add a REST method to it.
So let's get hold of the resource first.
Yes.
And here we will just add a @GET API.
And what is it going to do?
It is going to say
public String checkHealthOf the app.
Okay, so what is this going to do?
Let's have a string message.
Okay, and let's go ahead and take
the scheduledExecutorService object now, grab that,
and go ahead and call the schedule API.
Okay, so this will take in three arguments:
One is the instance of the URLHealthProcessor.
So let's feed the instance to it.
The initial delay, let's say is three seconds only.
TimeUnit is seconds, of course,
and as I said, you may want to actually schedule
this health check maybe after certain minutes
or certain days or whatever that is,
but right now for demonstration purpose,
I'm taking the TimeUnit as seconds.
Okay.
And once this is done, we just have
to say message and let's also go ahead
and say a health check initiated,
okay, and receive it on message.
Another thing that we can do is go to URLHealthProcessor
and inside this runnable's run method,
let's print out the threatening.
we have not done this for the previous demo
of managed executor service.
So, right now, we are trying
to type in the name of the thread.
This is just to show you how are the threads
going to be named when you use
managed objects of the container environment.
Okay, so that's just an observation
so let's go ahead and say
Thread.currentThread.getName
and make sure that you put some suffix statement to it.
So, checking the health of the application.
Okay.
So this is done and the URL health resource is all set.
Yeah, so the changes have been deployed
continuously on the server so we just now need
to go and access this resource.
We have to basically test it out now
so we have to access this RESTful bean
the part of which is urlCheck.
So let's go to the Postman tool
and we're just going to change that last URI.
Okay, it tells me health check is initiated.
Let's see what happens.
Oh, yes, there we are.
So the status of the app: yes, it is working
and look at how the thread is named right here.
The very first thing is, it is basically referring
to the defaultManagedScheduledExecutorService object
that we actually tried to extract using
the resource annotation from the container environment.
So it is the thread that has been spawned out
of defaultManagedScheduledExecutorService-
managedThreadFactory-Thread number one.
Right, so this is how you actually have
the naming convention for threads in a managed environment.
You can also go and make a similar check
for the previous use case.
So, why don't we do that right here?
We will go to the ReportsProcessor,
and inside the callable method on line number 33,
I'm going to insert that line where I'm going to say
Thread.currentThread.getName
generating report
And now let's also go to the ReportsResource
and check everything here.
Okay, so this is still fine.
So what we do is we'll go to the Reports folder
and we'll delete these files
and we'll run this use case again.
So we just have to go to the Postman tool and test it again,
the changes have been deployed already.
So let's go ahead and access that reports URL again
to run that use case.
Yeah, so let's say send and now
let's go and observe something.
There we go.
So you have defaultManagedExecutorService-
managedThreadFactory-Thread number seven generating report.
So that's how the name is.
Okay?
So this is how names get created
and I just wanted to show you this,
we had missed out this point when we tried
to go ahead and test it out for the previous use case.
Okay.
So, that's about it.
We have completed the demo
for the managedScheduledExecutorService tool
and in the next video we're going to look
at the managed thread factory.